>>The big question now is
who doesn't have a partner?
Oh, you don't.
Actually, anybody
else over here?
OK, all the people that don't
have partners come over here
and then you can
talk to each other.
>>The singles bar.
And we don't even have a bar.
[LAUGHTER]
You got to have your
mask because this is
all about dancing in the dark.
OK.
So here we go.
Face your partner.
Put on your masks.
And this dancing
is very sensual,
as you're going to see.
It's just dancing in darkness.
It's sensual moving.
But you'll see.
It's beautiful.
OK.
Face your partner.
And now we got to be quiet.
I know that's the hardest part.
Oh, one other thing.
There's always one other thing.
I got to show you something.
>>Oh, no.
[LAUGHTER]
>>When you start
each dance, because I
don't want to get into this when
we actually start the dances,
you start with your
hands like this.
So your fingers are facing up
and your palms are together.
OK, can you put them up higher?
Like this, only at
shoulder height.
OK.
So you'll be at this
height with your hands.
So every single dance we do,
we start from that position.
And then I'll lead you into
where we go from there.
But right now, we're going to do
10 minutes or so of Blue School
work.
You don't need your
partner right now.
You're going to
do it by yourself.
They'll be in front of you.
But face your partner,
know where they are.
Now, the next
instructions are you
can't remove your
mask for any reason
whatsoever until this is over.
There's going to be
times where you're
going to want to rip it off
and see what's going on.
No.
No, no, no.
You've got to stay in darkness.
You're going to be in darkness
for almost a half an hour here.
I want your pineal gland
to start shutting down.
That's partly why I'm also
spending 10 minutes going
to this other thing too.
So that you really start
getting calm inside.
So you can be sensitive.
OK.
Here we go.
Now, feel the Purana
tube and the Purana
coming from above, and below,
and meeting in your heart.
And feel that sphere.
And now, let's feel the
sphere of the Leonardo sphere,
way out, the big one.
Be aware of that one
and feel the flow.
Now, again, take a deep breath.
And when you blow it out,
you might turn slightly
sideways so you don't blow
it into your partner's face.
But when you blow out,
see the white mist
coming out of your mouth.
And take another
breath, a deep breath,
and blow out the white mist.
And you see it or sense it or
feel it as it's coming out.
OK.
Now, see and feel that
the air you are breathing
is connected to
everyone in this room.
There is only one air mass.
And air that is in your
lungs is intimately
connected with
everyone in this room.
Further, see and feel that this
same air that is in your lungs
is connected to all life on
Earth that is breathing air.
See and feel that you
are a body in space.
And know that your body
is surrounded by space.
How is space different than air?
Sense and feel that
space is like water.
In your imagination, sense the
tips of your fingers touching
space.
Now, sense space
touching your fingertips.
What is the difference?
See and sense you are touching
the six directions of space,
left, right, front,
back, up, and down.
Now, sense space touching
your six directions.
What is the difference?
See and sense all
the extremities
of your body, your nose, ears,
fingers, toes, et cetera,
becoming golden
and emitting light.
What is happening to
your body perception?
See and sense how the
inner space of your body
and the outer space
around you interact.
In your imagination,
massage your right arm.
Now, do it physically.
OK.
That's good enough.
See yourself
floating in a 10-foot
or about a 4-meter
cube made of mirrors.
You can see your
body from any angle.
And so as you begin
to move, see and sense
in each moment how your body
moves and changes as it moves
inside this cube of mirrors.
Now, back to just your
body in this room.
Imagine yourself two
dimensional and flat.
Now, imagine yourself
four dimensional.
Now, back to your
third-dimensional body
in this room.
Find your center of
gravity within your body.
How do you visualize it?
When you look at the center of
gravity, a movement appears.
What is it?
Now, put your feet together
so they're touching.
See and sense that by focusing
on the center of gravity,
small corrective movements
occur in the body.
Describe those
movements to yourself.
Now, put your feet
shoulder distance apart.
Now, see and sense and
imagine a plumb line
from your center
of gravity, which
is like a string with
a heavy point on it,
so it finds straight down.
See and sense a plumb
line from your center
of gravity, down through
to the center of the Earth.
Now without moving your feet,
move around in small circles,
with the sense that
you are connected
to the center of the
Earth by this plumb line.
And feel this connection
to Mother Earth.
In your imagination,
look at your nails
and see their transparency.
And remember that you
were once completely
transparent in
your mother's womb.
We change with the
rhythms of time.
Now, find your partner.
And we're going to
begin the first dance.
And put your hands with
the figures facing up.
When you're dancing,
you sense and feel
the movement of your body
as energy, not physical.
Try to think of yourself
as just pure energy.
On this first dance,
move your hands
so only the fingertips
are touching, and very,
very lightly.
Be aware of your Purana
tube and the Purana coming
from above and below and meeting
in your heart and that sphere,
the small one that's super
concentrated with the Purana.
Send this Purana down both
arms from that sphere.
And so it goes down your
arm, into your palm,
and across the gap, into
your partner's arms,
down to about their elbows.
Now, feel that connection.
You've both interlinked
each other with that Purana.
Now, move your fingers apart
from each other a few inches.
Now, feel that Purana
flowing between the palms
of your hands and your fingers.
It can be very strong.
OK.
Now, put your
fingertips back where
you're just lightly touching.
But don't so much
touch the fingertips
as feel the Purana between you.
This first dance,
we're going to dance
just-- the only connection
you have primarily
with your partner is your
fingertips and this Purana.
When you hear the
music, go for it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
OK.
Now, don't remove your mask.
Keep them on.
Don't take them off.
Especially don't remove your
mask on this next one for sure.
Go back to your hands facing up.
I'd like you to feel that Purana
going down through your arms
and into your partner.
And feel it coming
back from them.
You're mixing your Purana.
And feel it coming
out of your palms.
Now, move your
hands so you're not
touching your partner, an inch
or so away, maybe two inches.
But feel that Purana
because that's
going to be the only
connection you have.
[LAUGHTER]
Feel the Purana.
Now, one more thing.
Become aware of the
space around your body.
Now, extend that space so
it surrounds your partner.
So you become like an
egg-shaped-- or any shape
you want to make it.
But the space that contains
both of your bodies,
be aware of that space.
And, in fact, become the
space around your two bodies.
If you can maintain the
space and feel the Purana,
you'll dance together.
If you don't, you'll end up
on opposite ends of the room.
[LAUGHTER]
And if you lose your partner,
you can't cheat and find them
by removing your mask.
You have to make whale calls
or something, dolphin clicks.
So the object is not
to lose your partner
because you've got to
become very, very sensitive
and feel them.
OK.
Here we go, dance number two.
Remember to breathe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
OK.
Now, see if you can
find your partner.
Don't look.
If you've lost your partner and
you don't know where they are,
raise your hand.
So everybody has their partner.
My next question
is are you sure?
[LAUGHTER]
Well, if you switched
partners, it's OK.
All right.
Here we go for the third dance.
On this one, again start
with your palms facing up
and just get the
fingertips touching.
Feel the Purana
moving down your arms
and connecting
with your partner.
Now, your body is mostly water.
And so imagine that this
water came out at your tummy
and formed a big bubble in
front of you, a huge bubble.
And your partner formed
a big bubble of water
in front of them.
And now these two
bubbles of water
are mixed together
and connected.
And so you're connected
at your belly with water.
And so now you're
going to be water.
And you're going to feel
the connection at your belly
with your partner.
OK.
You feel the water
from within your body
coming out and forming a
big bubble in front of you
at your belly.
So it's like you're pregnant.
And your partner is going to
make a big bubble of water.
And those two bubbles, the
water is going to connect.
You're going to
connect with water.
So you're moving
your connection.
Even though you're slightly
touching your fingers--
you're allowed to
touch your fingertips.
But the connection is at
your belly, with water.
Feel your movement from there.
Good luck.
[LAUGHTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[APPLAUSE]
OK.
Give your partner a big hug.
And now you know if it's
your partner or not.
And you can take off your
masks if you want to.
OK.
Now, we're going to do
another experiential thing.
We're going to another
experiential thing.
But this time, it's
a little different.
But it's really fun.
And you can either use chairs,
or you can sit on the ground,
or you can do anything you want.
I don't care.
But if you want a chair,
you got to go get one.
And then soon as you
guys get settled down,
we'll do the next
experiential thing.
You freed yourself of chairs.
Very good.
OK, here's what
we're going to do.
We're going to move your spirit
from one place in the body.
And we're going to move
it around in the body.
Now, this is
something that is kind
of outside of most people's
experience, not everyone.
I'm sure there's lots
of people here that go,
oh, yeah, of course,
I've astral projected
all across the universe.
But even people who have
astral projected usually
haven't moved inside of
their bodies very much.
They usually leave their
bodies and go somewhere
or something of that nature.
But we're going to have you
moving inside of your body.
We're so used to being
in one place in our body
that we reference
everything from that.
But imagine if you weren't here.
Let's just say
that you're up here
and you're looking out through
your eyes, which is kind
of what most of us are used to.
And suddenly, you are inside
the palm of your right hand.
What would your body feel?
How would your body feel if you
were here, rather than here?
I mean if you're in a big--
one of these modern hotels
where they have the elevators
that are on the outside
and you can see.
If you're in the top floor, like
this right now, we're up here,
and you start going down,
it's almost like the building
going up.
You change positions relative
to the different rooms
in that hotel and everything.
You're changing positions.
If you go all the
way to the bottom,
now you're looking
up at the building.
If you go all the way to the
top, you're looking down at it.
And it's same thing.
If you move from here,
over to your hand,
your body is going
to be off-center.
And it's going to
be way over there.
And you're going to be
wherever your hand is.
And that's literally
what happens
when you move around your body.
If you went down to
your feet, your body
would be very different
than it is up here.
And so we have to get used
to that kind of movement.
Also we have been living--
for those of you that
are inside your
pineal gland, you've
been living inside of
a cage called a skull.
And it's really male.
It's hard.
It's constructed.
It's got structure.
And it feels different
than if you're
inside a different
area of your body.
As you move to different
areas of your body,
the sensation of being in
those areas is different.
So right now, I would just like
to try a real simple thing,
just to go from here
to our throat chakra.
It's not very far.
It's only a little ways.
But the experience
is really different.
Because this is so
solid and protected.
The throat is open and expanded.
There's nothing protecting it.
And so you don't have that.
It's a different feeling.
So close your eyes and
imagine that you're
a little, tiny sphere,
very small, even smaller
than a marble, a little
tiny, tiny sphere.
And you're up inside your head.
And you know what it feels like.
But feel that sensation.
Kind of be aware that you're
in a skull and what that feels
like.
And now with your intention,
let go of that place.
And see or sense or feel
yourself going down your throat
and down to your throat chakra.
And when you get there, stop.
Now, if you were to look up
from that little, tiny sphere,
you see your head way above you
and your body's down below you.
But feel the
difference of what it's
like to be in your throat
chakra, rather than your head.
It's open.
It's a different feeling.
So I'm just going to leave
you for a moment to feel it.
OK.
Now, let's go back.
Now, you have to let go of that
place of the throat chakra.
You have to let go of it because
we tend to clamp onto things.
Let go of the throat.
And now go back up.
Feel yourself
moving, going back up
into the center of your head.
And when you get
there, now feel what
it feels like to be
inside that skull again,
which is different than
your throat chakra.
Only when you leave it, can
you feel it when you come back.
OK.
Open your eyes.
And my first question is,
who could not do that?
>>It's imaginative when I do it.
I'm just imaging.
>>You're just imagining.
>>Yeah.
>>But the difference between
imagination and reality
is so thin.
It really is.
Einstein said that imagination
was more important than-- what
was the word he used?
>>Knowledge.
>>Than knowledge.
But how did Einstein
achieve his knowledge?
It was almost always
through imagination.
That's why he felt that way.
He was also, when they
bisected his brain afterwards,
he had the largest area
39 on the right side
of the brain, which is where
your imagination came from,
they've ever found.
Maybe they have since then.
But he has a huge imagination.
And just to show you this
thing between imagination
and knowledge, he
discovered that light
was affected by gravity,
purely through imagination.
And so he wasn't a very
good mathematician,
a poor mathematician.
But he had a
fantastic imagination.
He saw an elevator.
And he said, well,
if there's a hole
in the side, a little hole, and
they shined a light through it,
then the light would
go to the other side.
But if the elevator
was going up,
once the light entered here,
it takes time for the light
to get over to the other side.
And so the elevator would
go up and the light beam
would strike lower.
So he said that an
elevator, when it goes up,
increases your weight.
It's like gravity.
And the light beam
would strike lower.
So he said to
himself immediately,
light's affected by gravity,
using just a simple imagination
thing like that.
Then he took it over to a
more scientific level, where
he said there's going
to be a solar eclipse
at a certain time.
And they know it would be
right beside a certain star
and that light from that
star would pass right
by the surface of the Sun.
And if it was not
affected by it,
it would strike a photographic
plate at a very specific point.
But if it was affected
by it, it would
be bend, just like it
did in the elevator,
and come over and strike
the photographic plate
at a different place.
And they would then be able to
prove that the light traveling
from that star, as it
went by the Sun, was bent
and moved over here.
And that's exactly
what happened.
He was able to demonstrate that
light is affected by gravity.
And this was all generated
through imagination.
And really, the way
the world is, of what
it is, it's just images.
And images are imaging.
Imagination is
really, really close.
And so when you imagine things
going on inside of yourself,
there is very subtle
differences between those two.
OK.
Now, I would like to do another
movement inside the body,
a little more distance.
And I want to talk
about this thing
about seeing from your
hands or your feet.
The superpsychic kids can see.
They've only picked
certain places.
And I don't know
why only certain
places because it doesn't
really matter that I can see.
But they see with their ears.
That was the first one who
could see was their ears.
The first Chinese
kid in 1974 was
able to see as
well with his ears
as you can see with your eyes.
And then they found
ones that could
see underneath their eyes.
They could see with their hair.
They could see
with their armpits.
[LAUGHTER]
They could see with their hands.
They could see with their feet.
I don't know, different places.
They could see with their
mouth and with the tip
of their tongue.
And they actually can see
better than these eyes.
Because they could not
only see what you see,
but they can tell you anything
about what they're seeing,
anything at all,
absolutely anything.
And so right now, I'm going
to see how many people can--
we're going to do this thing.
But as a side thing,
we're going to see
if you can see with your hands.
And once you get it and
you can do it, it's yours.
You'll be able to
continually get better.
And you can just
go around a corner
and stick your hand there.
[LAUGHTER]
It's real.
So what we're going to
do and I'll describe it.
We're going to have you go
from here to your throat.
Then we're going to
go from the throat
down and over to
the right shoulder.
Then we're going to go down
here, through the elbow
and down into the palm.
When you get to
the palm, I'm going
to have you look
at your fingers.
And you're going to realize
you're really little when
you're doing this.
You've concentrated
yourself into just
like a little, tiny place.
And you look up at your
fingers and they look huge.
They look really, really big.
But I want you to see them
and wiggle your fingers
and see them moving, which
is kind of interesting
when you do that.
And then after you
do that, you're
going to be sitting there
wiggling your fingers.
And then I'm going to say,
turn your hand to your face,
like this.
Even though you've got your mask
on and your eyes are closed,
you can turn your
hand to your face.
And you literally turn
away from the fingers
and look out from there.
And you could see your face.
Because you see from
your consciousness.
And you can see anything,
no matter where you are.
If you're astral projecting,
you can see also.
And you don't have
your eyes either.
But you can still see.
But you can see.
And I'll bet you,
we'll get at least 30,
35 people in here that suddenly
can see with their hands.
And so we're going to do that.
And you're going to look
at yourself, which is
an interesting thing for sure.
And then after
that, if you want,
you can just stick
your hand up and start
looking around the room,
which is kind of fun.
And then we're going to bring
you back, up the same way
you came, and back up here.
And then we'll talk about it.
OK.
Let's go.
Start your motors.
Again, feel your connection to
your Merkaba first, the flow,
and the sphere of Purana.
And also for this one,
be aware of the angel
that you met on the first day.
Just be conscious.
Feel them.
Now, feel the skull around you.
Be aware to how
it's a containment.
Now, let go of that.
And you have to literally
let go with your intention.
And feel yourself moving
down your throat chakra.
When you get your throat
chakra, stop for just a moment.
And feel the openness there
again for a second time.
Now, let go of that
space, that throat chakra.
Just let go of it.
And feel yourself moving
down a little bit further.
And turn and go to your right.
And go over to
your right shoulder
and stop there for a moment.
Now, at your right shoulder,
turn around and look back.
And feel and sense or see your
body, how you're off-angle.
It's off to one side.
Your head is a little higher.
Your body is off.
It's a different positioning
than you're usually used to.
Now, turn back again.
And just like you're flying,
look where you're going.
And go down your arm and feel
yourself moving down your arm
and down to your elbow,
turning a little bit maybe.
And continuing, going over
until you get to your wrist
and then into the palm of hand.
Now, look up and
see your fingers.
And then slowly
move your fingers
or wiggle them a little bit.
And look and see
your fingers moving.
And get used to the feel
of seeing your own hand,
your fingers of your hand.
Now, put your hand
up to your face
or turn it toward your face.
And look at your own self.
And see your face.
If you can, you can.
And if you can't, you can't.
But you can if you
will allow yourself.
And now that you're
looking at yourself,
realize that you can
look at anything.
At this moment, for those of
you that can see your face,
you could turn it down to a
newspaper and start reading it.
Or a magazine, you
can actually see it.
And if you want to,
turn your hand up
and look around the room.
And you can actually
see around the room.
You're seeing it in a
slightly different way
than you would with your eyes.
But you're seeing.
If you're doing this
for the first time,
it's usually pretty exciting.
OK.
Now, drop your hand back down
and relax it for that way.
And now, look up again, turn
around, and see your fingers
again just one more time.
And then turn and let's go back.
And feel yourself going into
your wrist and up your arm,
turning a little
bit at the elbow
and going up to
your right shoulder.
Now, one more time.
Look at your body, what it feels
like from the right shoulder.
It's off-center.
Feel it.
Now, continue.
From there, let go
of the shoulder.
And keep moving up to
your throat chakra.
And you get to the throat
chakra, let go of that place
and go all the way up to
your neck, into your head.
Now, feel the skull and
being in that space.
It's a very distinct feeling.
And make sure you turn so you're
looking at where your eyes are.
And then take off your masks.
>>Am I supposed to not feel--
I mean I though my fingers
together.
I mean when my eyes close and
I touch my fingers together,
I still felt all this, all my
nerve endings on the outside.
When you say I'm in my mind and
feel that you are in your mind,
I still felt all this though.
And it's hard to let go of that.
>>No.
You don't have to let go of it.
He's talking about that he
could still feel his body, OK.
Do you remember when I had
you flying the other day?
You were flying around.
And the school asked
if you would also
be aware of your body while
you were flying around,
purposely wanting to feel
your body, as well as flying?
You can do both at once.
And when you're doing
these kinds of things,
it's OK to be aware of your
body, or any discomfort,
or anything else like that.
If you feel discomfort, you
just change your position.
But that shouldn't stop you.
This is a separate thing.
And your body sensations
and everything
are still going to be there.
If you leave your body and
go literally out of your body
and out of your
sphere, away, you
won't feel your body anymore.
You won't even
know you have one.
And you'll be
totally free of it.
You're still connected to it.
And you can come back to it.
But you'll be
totally free of it.
But as long as
you're in your body
and doing the kind of
things we're talking about,
you're going to be really
aware of your body.
OK.
>>I'm sorry.
I'm Mary.
>>Yes.
>>I have a question.
Is there something
that can call to you?
That you can
connect with and you
can see all of these
things, and hear
conversations, and everything
that's going on somewhere else?
>>Oh, sure.
>>What is it that can call?
>>You mean call, as
ask, pulling you to it?
>>Yes.
>>Oh, well, that
could be varied.
I don't know.
I mean it could be--
>>When my mom was in the
hospital in Arkansas and I was
in California,--
>>Sure.
>>--I saw everything there.
And I heard conversations, and
the nurses, and all of that.
And I didn't think it was real.
But it was real.
>>You can prove these things.
When I was studying
this a long time ago,
50 years ago, we did
things to prove it.
So when you what
they call astral
project out of your
body, I was doing things.
Like I would have my
wife go into another room
and set cards on that table.
And then I would
leave my body and go
see what they were and come
back and write them down.
And it was right.
But I was still not convinced.
And I remember we did
all kinds of things.
One of the things I did, I
finally would leave my body
and I went down to
the local library
and pulled a book off
the shelf that I'd never
seen before and memorized
the ISBN number and then
name of the book.
And then came back to my body.
Went down to the library and
the book was really there.
And it really was
the ISBN number.
It was very convincing.
So you have to mix reality
with this other level
of our potential.
And you get to the
place after a while
where you know that you can
tell the difference between when
you're just imagining
something and when it's real.
And I can't say for sure your
experience was real or not.
But I've had so many
experiences like this
that now I can tell usually.
I might make mistakes sometimes.
But usually I can tell.
OK.
Yes?
>>If you have something like
an out-of-body experience,
do you think our body could be
occupied with another entity?
>>No.
There's no danger?
>>It's not like using
drugs and things.
Basically you're on drugs,
you just invite them in.
You just let them come in.
You don't care.
There's a natural defense
in the human body.
And the natural defense
will not allow it.
If you use your
Merkaba field, which
I've asked you to block
the possibility of that,
there's absolutely not
even a chance of it.
>>So do we have to give
intent for protection or no?
>>Do you have to--
>>Don't use it, I mean.
>>Do you have to use what?
>>Intention.
>>Oh, yeah.
Well, naturally, no.
But like we have
a natural defense
against that kind of thing.
But under certain
conditions, with drugs,
and there are other
things besides drugs
that they can do it,
we basically say--
somebody comes and
says, can I get in?
And you're just
saying, yeah, sure.
We don't care.
And you let it.
But if you're just
a normal person
and you are leaving your
body in this kind of way,
your body is totally
protected while it's gone.
But there are always
exceptions in the sense
that you may allow
it for some reason.
There are no fixed laws hardly.
There's exceptions
to almost everything.
So it's hard for me to say
absolutely yes, for sure.
Because I know under certain
conditions and certain things,
things may be a
little different.
But generally, no, you don't
have to worry about it.
But I can say one thing.
If you put the intention
into your Merkaba field
to block anyone from coming into
your body or even your field--
I block the whole field
when it comes to that.
So that any kinds of these
entities or any of the living
beings or anything else that are
out there that want to come in,
they can't come in
without permission.
If you do that, it's absolute.
Because when we
created the universe,
we created it through
the geometries
of the Merkaba field.
And the Merkaba field was
the doorway in and out.
So that when you
create a universe,
you want to go in
and experience it.
But you want to make sure that
you can get back out of there
and you haven't created a trap.
And so that's what the
knowledge of the creation fields
and through the Merkaba,
what we're doing here.
Once it's programmed
that you're not
allowing anyone
else to use this,
for example, then it's absolute.
There's no person on
earth or in existence,
no matter how intelligent
or how powerful they are
or who they are, they
still can't do it.
And that was created that way on
purpose, that when you come in,
you could always go out.
>>I have the feeling that
every time I kind of imagine
it myself and I want to think
that I'm imagining myself
and I'm not really doing it.
I'm just totally
back in my head.
>>I know.
It takes a long time
to know the difference.
Over a long time, you
can tell the difference
when something is
just imagination
or if you're actually real.
I don't know how to say it.
It's like-- the only way I can
do it is through experiences
I've had.
Let me give this one.
I was once asked
by-- I mentioned
that I went to the
Navajo and they took us
into Antelope Canyon.
Remember, I talked about
the snake on the side,
and the guy that was blind,
and all that stuff like that.
After I did that and we got
back and he dropped us all off,
then we went on to the thing,
to the rest of this journey.
And we ended up at
the Grand Canyon,
on the rim of the Grand Canyon.
And I was about to do a
ceremony, a very old ceremony,
having to do with grandmothers.
It doesn't matter what
the ceremony was too much.
But we were about
to do a ceremony.
And I went out into the
forest by myself-- actually
there was two other people.
They came in.
And then I asked them
to go get something.
And while they were
gone, I was by myself.
And I was setting everything up.
And this person-- again, I
don't want to mention his name.
But the Navajo shaman
that was blind,
he appeared to me,
in front of me.
And he said that he didn't like
the idea of a white man doing
indigenous people's ceremonies.
And he said he didn't think
that I had the right to do that.
And I said to him, well, I am
indigenous from my last life.
And I have permission
to do this.
And we went through this
whole thing on that.
And he said to me, OK, if
it's true that you really
are who you say you are
and that you have the right
to do this, then the moment
that you begin this ceremony,
I want lightning to come out
of the sky and strike right
a few feet away from here.
And if that happens,
then I will believe you.
And so I said, OK.
[LAUGHTER]
So is this imagination going on?
What is this?
So all the people called in.
Everything was set up.
The grandmother
was sitting there.
It was a gift ceremony.
And the first person came up.
And we were all ready to go.
And I said, OK, let's begin.
And the grandmother
said a couple words.
The guy took his object
that he was giving away
and he started to hand
it to the grandmother.
And lightning came
out of the sky
and struck the ground
about 75 feet away.
It just blew a hole about six
feet around in the ground.
Practically everybody bounced
off the ground, like this.
And everybody started screaming
and everything else like that.
And I started laughing.
I couldn't help it.
[LAUGHTER]
And so during that ceremony
when we were in Antelope Canyon,
this shaman borrowed my rattle.
And borrowed a rattle, which was
from another indigenous person
that happened to
be in that tribe.
And he sang the peyote
songs using that rattle.
And so right after
the lightning struck,
he appeared, not to me, but to
this other indigenous person.
And told her to go to me
right after the ceremony
and give me the
rattle and say to me
that he accepts that who I am
or my relationship with him.
I've got a very close
relationship now.
And so this other
indigenous person,
that didn't know any of
this stuff, came up and says
this shaman came to me and
said I'm supposed to give you
the rattle and here it is.
Well, is this imagination?
I mean there's a fine
line between these things.
And you need to get sensitivity
because there is another world.
We are all connected.
We're connected.
We are not separate
from the outer reality.
The outer reality, we're
intimately connected with it.
And once you know it, and you
know what that feeling is,
and what it all is,
and the relationships
of it, what feels like
imagination can become real.
And so it just takes time.
And there's nothing I
can do to convince you.
It's just something that
has to develop slowly
over time within
you, until you can
see that we are much
more than we know we are.
We're a lot more
than we know we are.
And you have to trust it.
OK.
Let's go further.
Put on your mask one more time.
I'd like to go this
time to your heart.
We're not going to go into
the sacred space of the heart.
That takes a little
bit more understanding.
But I'd like to go to the heart
itself, the physical heart.
And all we're going to do is
go inside of it somewhere.
And I just want
you to feel what it
feels like to be in the
heart relative to what it
feels like to be in the brain.
They're really,
really different.
The brain is really male.
The heart is really female.
OK, here we go.
Again, feel your Purana field.
Feel your sphere of Purana.
Breathe.
Center yourself.
Feel the skull for a moment,
again that feeling of what
it's like to be in there.
Now let go of that and go
down to your throat chakra.
And stop there
for just a moment.
This is your third time.
So it's starting
to get familiar.
And now let go of your heart
and feel yourself going down
inside your chest
and your cavity.
And keep moving until you
can see, or sense, or feel
your physical heart
right in front of you.
And when you do, stop
for a moment and just
see it right there.
OK.
Now, go right through
the membrane of the heart
and go inside,
somewhere in the middle
or in the center of your heart.
And now, feel what it
feels like to be in there.
It's a very female,
curvy, soft place.
It's beautiful.
And if you look at your body,
your head is way up there
and you're slightly off-center.
It's a different location.
But I'm primarily getting you
to feel what it feels like just
to be in the heart, which
is different than anywhere
in the body.
And you feel the
heart all around you.
OK.
Now, let go.
And it's kind of hard.
It's like hugging
someone when you just
realized they're sacred.
Let go of your heart
and turn and go
through the membrane of your
heart and move back up, up, up,
until you come to
your throat chakra.
And just wait there for a
moment, because we all move
at slightly different speeds.
OK.
Now, let go of the throat
chakra and move all the way up
inside your brain.
And one more time, feel
the skull, how different
that is than the heart.
It's not contained.
I mean this is contained,
where the heart is just open.
OK.
Take off your masks now.
Could everybody do that?
Is there anybody that
could not do that?
I have to look.
I have to shade my
eyes to be able to see.
OK.
So everybody could do that.
Good.
This last little thing is
that there's different ways
of getting into the heart.
And I want to describe
these different ways
and then tell you which
way we're going to use.
The Kogi way was
the one I mentioned.
I mentioned it here I
think a long time ago.
I don't know.
I've done this
workshop so many times.
When I left the Kogi
and they found out
that I was going
to do this, which
they didn't think that
human beings would
be able to do this.
They really didn't,
not initially.
That's why they told
me just go to animals.
It's much easier.
And when I told them
that I was going
to teach human beings
this, they said, well, OK.
Well, here's how you do it.
And they gave me
their instructions.
And that's when I
figured, well, there's
nobody-- I told you they
want you to stand up
in a totally dark space,
where there's no light,
not even one photon coming in.
And you do this little dance.
You just keep moving,
kind of like this.
If you watch them, they just
keep moving from one leg
to the next.
And they just keep moving
around and doing this.
And you're to do that dance
for nine days and nine nights
without any food,
or water, or sleep.
And that's when I told
them, I says, you know,
you don't know who we are.
[LAUGHTER]
In fact, I don't think
you have any idea.
And they really didn't--
they didn't know who we were.
We were like aliens.
We like ETs on the planet.
Because even when I brought
the Kogi here to Sedona,
one of the old
Mamos-- and he's here.
He's got-- I don't know
how many people were there.
It was lots.
It was really lots.
And first thing he
says is how come you
guys are so stupid that you
would kill your own planet?
Who are you that you're
so stupid that you
would kill the very
thing that-- your mother
that keeps you alive?
I mean because they
just don't get it.
They just don't understand
how anybody would even
have anything in you that
would do that, anywhere.
And I agree with them.
Why would we do this?
It's just crazy.
But we are.
We're unconsciously
and consciously,
a lot of the stuff,
it's just pure greed.
We don't care.
It's tear down a park
and build a parking
lot, that whole thing.
It's why would we do this?
So he was very upset with us.
I'll tell you
another little story
that they told me at one point.
There was four of them.
And they said, we need
to get out of here.
That's basically it,
in so many words.
Can you take us into
nature somewhere?
And I said sure.
So I took him way up
in a canyon that I
know, that's kind of secret
and hidden, and sat there.
And they were so much happier.
And they were just
sitting around
and singing songs and things.
And then at one
point, a little bird
came and landed on
one of the Mamos.
He looks over at the bird.
And the bird goes, chirp, chirp,
chirp, chirp, chirp, like that.
And he goes, the bird
just says that we got
to get out of here tomorrow.
[LAUGHTER]
Really?
And they said this whole
thing is going to get weird.
So we better leave.
And the bird goes
chirp, chirp, chirp.
And he goes, yeah, he's serious.
So we got to go.
And they did.
They left first
thing in the morning.
And that afternoon
was when the ceremony
that the people were doing just
went insane and went crazy.
And I saw exactly
what they were doing.
In fact, one time
I was in Guatemala.
And one of the Kogi was there.
There was actually four of them.
But one was Kogi Mamos.
And he was sitting there.
And I asked him--
he was actually
on film when he said this.
I asked him-- I was
interviewing them
and I said-- because we thought
they came for the ceremony
that the Mayans were doing.
And that was the thing.
And I asked him though--
the other one said yes.
And I asked him, why
did you come here?
And he says, oh, I didn't
have anything to do with that.
I said, why did you come here?
And he says, I came
here to see you.
Well, what did you
want to see me for?
And he says, well, when we
were down in the Kogi land,
we were sitting
there and lightning
came across the sky from the
north and then from the south.
And it met in the
sky and exploded.
And the thunder talked
to us and told us
that you were going to be up
here in Guatemala on this time.
And we wanted to talk to you.
So that's why I'm here.
[LAUGHTER]
I mean it's another world.
Because all this external
stuff is inside of you.
It's not external to you.
You are the creator of it.
And when you really
understand that everything
is alive and breathing,
it's another world.
Right now, we think
everything's dead.
We think the Earth is a big
rock floating through space.
She is not a rock.
That's just her body.
Anyway.
So the Kogi way of
doing this is not
going to work because we
can't stand up for nine days
if our life depended on it.
So I had to figure
out some other way.
And so the first way we did
it-- I'm just telling you
these different ways
so that if you ever
want to continue this
exploration yourself,
you can at least
see where I've been.
This was the first way we chose.
When I was thinking about it,
well, how do I get in there?
At HeartMath at Stanford,
they discovered this field.
And they also knew
that the field
was generated by the heart,
not by something else.
Well, I intuited that
what was actually
generating this was the
sacred space of the heart.
And now they agree with
that now at this point.
And so I use this.
What I could see was--
see, there's a big one
and then there's a little one.
Well, the little one
is right around here.
And it's right around the heart.
So I'd get people to
go, leave the brain,
go down, and go over to
the heart, see where it is.
And then go straight
up, following
the lines of the tortial
field up to where that.
And when you get above it and
you're in the psychic realm,
you can see this thing rotating.
Sometimes it's rotating one way
with some people and sometimes
the other way.
And I don't know why.
It doesn't seem to be
connected to male or female.
And so we would get them
to simply go down and let
their spirit touch the surface
of this rotating tortial field,
and vortex actually.
And when they do, they
become like a leaf on a river
that you just connect.
And the river takes the leaf.
And so they just start going
around, and around, and around.
But it's like water
going down the drain.
They go around, drrreeew, phfft.
And it takes you right
into the sacred space.
It works every time.
The only problem with this is
that it's really easy for men
to do it.
It's hard for females.
It's too logical.
And so after that,
I decided that I'm
going to try some other ways.
And another way that we
tried was the way of Jesus,
Jesus also had.
And this was written
in the Gnostics,
in their writings
and everything.
But it got corrupted.
Jesus said that the opening to
the sacred place of the heart
is behind the heart.
Well, some of the people that
were recording this probably
corrupted it on purpose because
for about the last 2,000 years
so much spiritual
knowledge that you
read in books they
purposely lied because they
didn't want to tell the truth.
They would tell
everything the truth.
But then the real big secret,
they would distort it somehow.
And then they'd tell
all their people, well,
it's all true but that.
And you know what to do.
But when it comes down through
time, that it comes off as
it just isn't true.
And so you have to
be really careful.
A lot of stuff that's
written spiritually, it just
isn't actually
accurate information.
That happens in science too.
We do the same thing.
You make a patent.
You tell everything
about a patent.
But you keep the secret out.
The thing that actually
makes it work, you hide it.
And they do that in
patents all the time.
So if you take the patent
and you try to do it,
the darn thing won't work in
the way that they want you to.
So what Jesus did, what you do
is you go, just like you did,
you go down and through.
You go over to the heart so you
can see, or sense, or feel it.
Then you turn so that it's
on the right side of you.
And you go back, to
the back of the heart.
And you keep going until
you're all the way to the back.
And then you get back behind
it until you can see, or sense,
or feel it all in front of you.
And then there's a vortex.
There's a little, tiny vortex,
like a crevice that comes down.
And it's kind of in the
middle, approximately.
And it's rotating.
It's a vortex.
It'll usually come off as a
light spot or a dark spot.
And all you have to do
is you just approach it.
You just keep moving toward it.
And when you get right up
to it, it just pulls you in.
It just sucks you right in.
And it's a tube that you're
only going a little ways.
But it seems like you're going
a long ways when you're in this.
And this thing is you're
going down this tube.
And it takes you down there.
There's nothing you
can do about it.
It just pulls you down there.
And then you're just
moving, moving, moving,
moving, moving, moving.
And then all of a
sudden, it just stops.
And you're in the stillest
place in the universe.
You're in the most
peaceful place there is.
And you're in the center.
And you're inside of the outer
place of the sacred place
of your heart.
You're there.
It works every single time.
That one, I've discovered,
works for both men and women.
So I use that one a lot.
There is another one.
>>Could you repeat
the circumstance?
It's left to vortex?
>>Yeah, sure.
Say this-- I don't have anything
that looks like a heart.
Oh, well.
Say this is the heart.
It doesn't look like one.
And it's sitting here.
So you go down.
And then you go over to it.
OK.
So you're over to the heart.
And now you want
to go to the back.
So you turn, which means it's
on the right side of you.
You turn and you go back.
And you go back further
and you turn around.
And then you look at
the heart from behind.
You're literally seeing it
from back here, like I am now.
And that's when you can look.
And you'll see there's a fold.
And there's a little
rotating vortex there.
It's very small.
But it's there.
And all you have to
do is just go to it.
And it'll, shrrp.
It's like a vacuum cleaner.
It sucks you right in, not quite
as hard as a vacuum cleaner
would.
[SUCKING SOUND]
Whoo.
No.
It takes you in
gently, but powerfully.
And you start moving
down this tube.
And you don't have
to do anything.
You just keep moving, moving,
moving, moving until you stop.
And when you stop, you're there.
And we can use that
today, if we want.
>>When we turned around, do
we come out from the heart
and then enter a gate?
>>Oh, no.
I mean, when you leave it?
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Well, just imagine
your heart is here.
You go down to the heart and
you have to go over to it.
And you're on this side.
Then you have to go to
the back and curve around
to the back of it.
>>But I don't go out
again in the back.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>No.
You're not in the heart.
You're on the
outside of the heart.
You go to the
outside of the heart
and go along the edge of
the heart to the back.
But then look at the
full heart from the back.
There, you'll see the vortex.
And then you approach it.
And it pulls you into the heart.
This is a very, very old way.
It's nothing new.
But it works.
There's another one
that is pure female.
And it works for females.
It doesn't work for
males very well.
And that was, you just
do the same thing.
You go down to the heart
until you see or sense it.
You're right up there.
There it is.
You go inside of it, just like
we did just a few minutes ago,
exactly the same thing.
When you get inside
of it, if you can,
if you're female enough
and you can do it,
you just say, OK,
I'm going to move.
And using your intention,
And the movement, I will move.
And then when I get to the
sacred place of the heart,
I will stop.
And you'll just start moving.
Only when you're moving
inside the heart,
it feels like a big place.
And you move.
And then it will just take
you right to the sacred space.
And again, you'll stop.
And it's this
really still place.
It's like being in the eye
of a hurricane or something.
You've got a lot of
stuff going on around.
But in that place,
it's just still.
It's peaceful.
>>And it had the
vibrating noise going on.
>>Yes.
It'll be vibrating
and it'll be dark.
It'll be black dark.
And then you ask for it.
No matter what techniques you
use to get in there, when you
get there, you ask for a light.
And the light, sometimes
it'll come on like that.
Sometimes it won't.
But whatever happens, once
you've asked for a light,
you put that intention out.
The next thing you do, you put
your attention on the vibration
and hear, or sense, or
feel that vibration.
And once you feel the vibration,
then begin to make the sound.
And once you make
the sound, and you're
real familiar with
what that sound is,
for maybe 45 seconds or a
minute, stop making the sound.
And then start becoming
aware, not of the vibration
or anything else.
Just becoming aware
of what's around you.
Because what's around
you is amazing.
I mean you came here from
somewhere else at one point.
And when you came here--
before you came to Earth,
you had a reason
for coming to Earth.
This is one point.
You had a reason.
You had a mission.
It was really specific.
And right now, most people
don't remember what that is.
And you knew you
would come to a place
where you wouldn't remember.
So you wrote it
down in your heart.
And it's always in the
outer space of the heart.
It could be written right
on the walls actually.
Or it could be in a language
you don't understand.
And then at the right
moment, suddenly you
can read the language.
Or it could inside of a crystal.
And you hold it and
you see everything.
Or it could be, who knows?
It could be anything.
But you'll know what it is.
But in there is recorded
the reason why you came here
and what your purpose was.
The moment you remember
what your purpose was
for coming here, it changes
your entire life's direction.
You know why you're here.
You know exactly what
you're to do here.
And it's a different thing.
It's like I know exactly
what I'm to do here.
I'm doing what I'm
supposed to do.
I'm supposed to
teach the Merkaba.
I have three things to do.
And I'm doing those things.
And so I know I'm
fulfilling my purpose.
And when you know-- who
knows what that purpose is.
But whatever it is,
it changes things.
There's also another
thing that you
have recorded in there, which
seems kind of funny in a way.
But we all have dreams.
And specifically,
we have a dream that
is the-- you might
say in English,
our deepest heart's desire,
that which we really
want to see manifest.
And it's usually very close
to our mission or our purpose.
And so it's also
important to know
what we really want in life.
So what's in our
heart is everything we
need on those kind of levels.
But later, we're going to
talk about the creation
aspects of things, tomorrow.
And what's the power
that is in there.
That's another story.
That's really something else.
So I don't want to program
you too much in terms
of what's in there.
I'm trying to save a
little bit of time for you.
But on the other
hand, I would prefer
that you discover what
you are, who you are,
and what is inside of
your own heart yourself.
And find out for yourself.
Because it's fun.
It's exciting.
And it really changes
everything in your life
once you connect into this
level of your existence.
I'm only going to lead
you into the outer space.
If you find yourself in the
center-- in the tiny space,
that's fine.
But most of you have
not been in the space.
We only have 51 that have.
So we got 70 something--
8 or something,
77 of them that haven't.
When you find this
place, I'll lead you
through what exactly-- ask
for light and the vibration.
And I'll lead you through
this whole thing, all the way
through.
But afterwards, I'm
going to leave you there
for about 25 minutes
or 20 minutes
or so, for you do just to
explore and feel what it is.
I'm not going to ask
you to do anything
in this one, other than just
to explore and become aware
of the space, and
what it feels like,
and everything else like that.
Tomorrow, we're going to go
back in this space with a little
more intention and lead you
into the tiny space also.
Right now, I just want to
get you into the outer space.
But once we're past
the point where you're
feeling the vibration,
you're making the sound,
then I'm going to leave you.
I have to say something
because I never
know what's going to happen.
I have this relationship
with the Kogi.
And I just have to say
this because I never
know what they're going to do.
And they used to come
into these workshops
every single time for years.
And then they
experimented with people.
They did all kinds
of things, which
was kind of interesting
because they were trying
to figure out who you were.
And they did things.
Like one workshop,
they came in en masse.
I've never seen that many.
Actually was one person for
every person in the room.
And they came in.
And then when you were deep in
the meditation, they came up
and they rubbed the right cheek
of every person in the room
simultaneously.
And everyone, [YELLING].
It was like that.
[LAUGHTER]
Who's there?
I don't know why they did it.
I mean they do funny things.
I can always tell if
they come in before.
Well, before we
did the meditation,
I can always tell who can see.
Because when they
come in, they usually
come in through some wall.
And if you get half
the group going, wow.
And the other group going,
what are you talking about?
You can't see him.
And then they did
for a long time.
And then the guerrillas in
Colombia, killed the Mamos,
machine-gunned them
down and killed them.
And nothing-- I mean
that's like killing Jesus.
They were really upset.
And then they killed more.
They killed up to
about 50 or so,
Kogi and both Mamos
and the regular ones.
And that's when they
quit coming for a while.
They were trying to
protect themselves I think.
They just quit
for several years.
And recently, about a year
ago, they came back unexpected.
And then they came to
two or three workshops,
didn't come again for a
while, came to a couple more.
So I don't know.
All I'm saying is I don't know
if they're going to be here.
And if they do then
I don't know what
they're going to do either.
>>Don't freak out.
>>Yeah.
Don't freak out.
Don't scream too loud
if they do something.
Because they're just playing.
They will never do anything to
hurt you or be deceptive to you
in any way or anything.
They're like children
really, on a lot of levels,
really, really smart children.
And also [? Ima ?], who is
actually a Arhuacos woman,
I have a very close
relationship with her.
And sometimes when they do
come in, she comes in to me
because we have
this relationship.
And she may speak to you in
the language that has no words.
What it does is it creates
an image inside of you.
And if that happens, it happens.
It did about three
or four months ago.
You'll know it.
Because when she makes those
sounds, it is powerful.
But I don't know
if she will or not.
I just try to-- if it
happens, at least you
know what's going on kind
of, rather than what's this
and where are all these
images coming from?
Anyway.
So there's that.
It probably won't happen.
I don't think so.
But we don't know.
So I'll lead you
through the whole thing.
I'll lead you to the end.
And then I'm just
going to let you go.
At the very end, just so you
can get this clear in your head,
I'm not going to ask you to
come back from your heart
to your brain.
I'm just going to tell
you to stay in your heart
and just come back
and open your eyes.
And try to stay in your
heart as long as you can.
But what happens
is the first time
you think a thought almost.
Then, chsk, you're back
in your brain again.
But stay as long as you can
in your heart afterwards.
Also afterwards, I'm going
to ask about three people
to-- three or four people
that wish to, if you want to,
raise your hand, if you
want to talk about what
just happened to you.
And you feel like you
want to, raise your hand,
wait until you get
the talking stick.
And then you can describe what
happened in your experience.
If nothing happened, there's no
sense in telling people that.
[LAUGHTER]
It doesn't help anybody.
But if you did have
an experience--
and most people will,
especially since we've only
got 51 people that are in here
that already know where it is.
But anyway, if you want to
speak after it, you can.
And then after
that, we'll be done.
That's it for the day.
And I don't even
care what time it
is when we get there, whatever
time it is that we're done.
And then tomorrow-- so I
can just tell you this now
because once we get into this,
it's kind of hard to get back
to talk like this.
We will then give you all
the information tomorrow
of how to connect the heart and
all the technical information
so that you understand
the whole procedure, all
the way from the heart,
through the tongue,
all the way out through
the various glands.
And the whole thing,
opening of the third eye
and how that works, and how
it's related to the Merkaba,
and all that other stuff,
that will all be talked about.
And then we go and
do this tomorrow--
and I'd like to do this
in nature if we could
tomorrow, as long as
everybody is OK with it.
>>Nature.
>>Yes.
[APPLAUSE]
I got a really beautiful
place to take you.
You have to walk for
about 25 minutes--
20, 25 minutes or
so, off the road.
And then you got to walk
up to the spot, which
is about six blocks.
But if you want to,
we can drive you up
to the spot, which will
save you some walking.
And we don't mind doing that.
It's OK.
But it's beautiful.
And there's a
difference when you're
trying to do this work with
the Earth and everything.
When you're touching the Earth,
and not synthetic surfaces
and everything, it
just works better.
So the last one and the
last day, we'll do that.
And then we'll be done.
You should have a really
good idea by that time
exactly what you're doing.
Then you go home
and you practice.
And that's what it's all about.
OK, are you ready?
>>Yes.
>>OK.
Oh, boy.
It's my favorite
thing in the world.
So just get comfortable,
move around, adjust yourself.
Do whatever you
have to do, cough,
all those kind of things.
Just play like you're
in your bedroom.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now, remember your Merkaba.
Feel the flow to
your heart chakra.
And also be aware of the
angel from the first day,
just feel them.
It's you.
And this part of you
is really a protector.
It really does protect you.
Now, we're going to begin
by doing the unity breath.
And just follow.
We're going to connect with
Mother Earth, and Father Sky.
Now in your inner vision, see
and remember a place in nature
somewhere in the world
that you've been to
before, that you love, with no
buildings or anything around,
just nature.
And it could be the mountains.
It could be the desert, the
beach, the ocean, whatever.
But begin to
visualize this place.
See it.
Where there's a river,
you see the river, clouds.
Begin to see the
whole structure.
So continue to visualize
this beautiful place.
It also is bringing all your
senses, smell this place.
Listen to the water if
there's water there.
Hear it.
Now, feel how you feel
when you're there.
Feel the love you have
for this place in nature
and now, begin to
transfer that love
that you feel for that place
of nature to all of nature,
and to all of life on Earth,
and all the trees, and animals,
and everything.
Now, then go deeper.
And feel the love you have for
Mother Earth, for Pachamama.
And let this love grow.
Feel it.
Just let it open.
And feel the love
you have for her.
She has given you everything,
everything you own,
every single thing you
own, including your body.
She loves you.
She has always loved you.
And when you feel this love
is strong, with your intention
send this love to the
center of the Earth
so that she can feel the
love you have for her.
And then you wait until you
feel her love come back to you
from inside the Earth and
come up inside of your body.
When you feel her
love come back to you,
let it just go throughout
all of your bodies,
your physical body, your
mental body, emotional body,
your light body.
Let it move anywhere
it wants to go.
Just feel it in your heart how
much Mother Earth loves you
and how you love her.
And now, without
breaking this connection
to Mother Earth and this
love, turn your attention
to Father Sky, which is
all the rest of creation,
other than the
Earth, which includes
the Moon, all the
rest of creation.
And perhaps look up
into a night sky.
And you see the Milky Way
moving across the sky,
and the planets, and the
beauty that is there.
And feel the love that you
have for all of creation
and for all life everywhere.
Your divine father
has been very quiet
because he's been letting
you have free will
and do as you wish.
But he is like you.
There's never, ever been a time
when the body of the universe
has not loved you.
And so when your love feels
strong, with your intention
send it either to the
grids, or to the Sun,
or to the central Sun.
Or even, just with
your attention,
you can sent it into space.
Because it is intention.
That is how life feels.
And so let him know
that you love him
in the same way as your mother.
And you wait for this feeling
of love from the heavens
to come in to you from above.
When you feel this love
come into your body,
like your mother, let
it move through all
of your bodies, the physical
body, all your cells, all
the levels, your emotional
body, your mental body,
your light body, and
Merkaba, everything.
And now feel both
of them at once.
Feel your mother and
the Earth, Father Sky.
Feel their love.
Feel how much they love you.
Feel how much you love them.
And also feel the love that
they have between each other.
And in doing this, you have
brought the holy trinity
onto Earth.
And this relationship
of this flow of love
produces a vibration
within your spirit.
That is the key, not only
to entering your heart,
but many, many, many other
levels of higher consciousness.
So as you're feeling this
love, bring your attention
to the center of your head,
into the pineal chakra.
And feel the skull around you.
And remember your physical body.
Now, let go of that place.
And feel yourself
moving down your throat
to your throat chakra.
And wait there one moment.
Now, let go of this place.
And move down into your chest.
And continue moving until you
can see, or sense, or feel
your physical heart
directly in front of you.
And now turn and go to
the back of the heart.
We're going to
use the one that's
been used for thousands
of years, by Jesus.
Go to the back of the heart.
Go a little bit further
behind the heart.
And turn and face the same
direction that you normally
look out of your body.
And now, you're
behind the heart.
Looking directly in front of
you is the back of the heart.
There's a little
crevice you can see.
And in there is a
little rotating spot.
You may see it as a
light rotating place.
You may see it as a dark one.
It doesn't matter.
Begin to move toward that place.
Feel yourself moving toward it
and getting closer, and closer,
and closer.
And now just go right into
it and just let it pull you.
Don't try to resist it.
Feel yourself moving
down this tube.
And how long we move
depends on a lot of factors.
But eventually, you've
going to come to this place
where you stop.
And you'll feel the
stillness of this place.
And you're there.
Just trust it.
If you wish there to be light,
ask for there to be light.
Again, it may or may
not come immediately.
And now turn your
attention, whether you
see the light or not,
turn your attention
to sensing the vibration.
It's all around you.
You can feel it.
You can hear it, sense it, any
way that you can connect to it.
And when you do hear it or
sense what the vibration is,
begin to make the sound that
you're hearing by humming.
And try to duplicate it
as close as possible.
Then after a minute or so, let
go of that and begin to explore
and be just like a little
child and have fun.
I'll be back later.
[HUMMING]
Is there anyone who
would like to speak
about their experience?
It's over here.
>>First, I found myself
going into the vacuum.
I was pulled in it.
I found myself in nature.
And immediately I knew.
I think it was Lemuria or
I recognized it somehow.
I don't know.
I was feeling free.
All of a sudden I found
myself in front of a temple.
But I was not allowed
to get in first.
There was somebody
waiting outside.
Then I helped that person.
And all of a sudden,
I was pulled up.
I flew up.
There was another temple there.
It was a temple.
It seemed like a
marble, made of marble.
And there was a platform there.
It seems like there were beings.
But I didn't know who they were.
They were very close to me.
I asked the question, I
want to see why I am here?
So I saw a writing,
a small writing,
to remember who you are.
I didn't expect that.
I expected something else.
But it was different,
to remember who you are.
I stayed there for a while.
And then another
vacuum just pulled me.
I just saw some vibrations.
That was it, vibrations,
just vibrations.
And it was a point where
everything was inside.
I mean where everything was one.
And I think it was
the point of creation.
I knew that I could
create anything I want.
And it would be coming easily
to me, just vibrations.
And that's all.
>>OK.
Thank you.
>>I reached a place.
It's a cave.
It feels like it's
a cave on the Moon.
But the roof of the
cave is all the stars.
It's a black night
with all the stars.
And the next thing I knew,
I was flying to Angel Falls.
And that's in South America.
And as I was guided
through the water
into a cave behind the falls,
and taken deep into the cave,
there was a pond,
a very dark pond.
And I was guided to
jump in that pond.
And as I jumped into it,
I went like a birth canal,
going deep, deep,
deep into the Earth.
And I came to a place that
was pitch black, black
like I've never
felt or seen before.
And I was in that
darkness for a long time.
Until all of a sudden, these
eyes started to open up.
And I said, mama.
And she said
welcome, my daughter.
And then all these
eyes started opening.
And all I could see was the
white and the darkness of them,
the middle of the eye.
Many eyes were opening.
And as I was looking and seeing
all these beings around me
with their eyes open, you
were telling us to come back.
>>Um.
Sorry.
>>So it was amazing.
I felt very much at home
in my mother's womb.
>>When I entered the back of the
heart and started going inside,
a face came in front
of me that looked
like an aborigine person.
And then it just kind of stared
me in the eye and then left.
And then another face came
and it was [INAUDIBLE].
And he was like much more
formed than in the first one
and just stared at me.
And then he left.
And then I'm walking.
And everything is
kind of moving.
And then there's a
whole field of flowers.
And I went to go
pick one of them.
And I went to pick it
and I could smell it.
And I was excited about being
able to smell the flowers.
So I wanted to smell all of
the flowers in the field.
But I didn't.
The smell came at once.
And I could smell the
whole field at once.
And then that all disappeared.
And an opening of the
cave was in front of me.
And there was lightning
on the outside of it,
that I could see.
But I walked.
And that went.
And then there was a triangle.
And I sat inside of it.
And there was a amethyst
on one side, crystals.
And on the right was citrines.
And in front were
rose-quartz crystals.
And I sat inside of it.
And I just sat there
and stayed there
until you said to come back.
It was hard to come back.
>>Yeah.
OK, one more person.
>>It was very easy to
see the vortex of light
when you're invited
to see that, to enter.
And when I got in, it
was very light actually.
And I saw myself in this tunnel.
And the walls was made like
the Inca walls, very perfect,
beautiful, just a huge
stone, without any break.
And so I started to walk.
And suddenly I got in a chamber
that was all made by crystals.
And there was spear medicine.
And it was the most clear and
vibrant crystals I ever felt.
And then I sat in a
mandala made by crystals.
And it was interesting
because I was sitting.
And I knew there
was a lot of points,
the crystals was pointed.
But I was sitting on it.
And then certainly I saw you
in my back with this huge mask,
like an Aztec warrior.
And I said, this is strange.
I didn't know there was supposed
to be anybody here with me.
And then suddenly, in
each point of the mandala,
there was you with
different masks.
And the one that was in
front of me was very ancient.
And then you said
to me-- because you
knew I was asking
what does this mean?
And so you said,
I'm a Melchizedek.
I'm all of them
and none of them.
And then you start to
tell me all about how
this shift will happen.
I don't remember anything.
But you was telling
me exactly how
everything is going to happen.
And I was paying attention.
Like I had to learn
those things so I
would follow the instructions
as they was happening.
But I'm back.
And I don't remember.
[LAUGHTER]
Sorry.
I wish I had.
[INAUDIBLE]
>>OK.
Well, it is a dream.
It is a dream state.
It's a state that
generates images.
The images can be anything.
And there are no rules.
But they are tied.
There's much to these images.
It's going to take a while.
I need time tomorrow to explain
more about what the images mean
and what their potential are.
At any rate, we have
finished this first day.
And tomorrow is where
everything comes together.
All the various days
that we've done,
it all comes together in
this one day tomorrow.
So tomorrow is the most
important day of all.
And where we will tie
everything together,
all those beams of
light, and the stuff
in the heart, and the Merkaba
field, and the whole thing.
And how you create from the
heart and how you do this.
And then we will do
one final meditation.
At which point, it's
everything you need.
And anything that you do
need after that, you will
know exactly how to get to it.
I'll explain.
You can come up with any--
whatever form of guidance
or anything that you
need from now on,
you should be able to
get within yourself.
If you need anyone else, well,
then you can achieve that also.
But you'll have everything
you need, as far as I know,
in order to continue
all the way from there
to the next level of existence.
So thank you.
Good evening.
And I love you.
And even if you're a
little confused right now,
don't worry about it.
[LAUGHTER]
You'll be fine.
So tomorrow morning, 9 o'clock.
Thank you.
You have completed day four.
Now, we can go on to day five.
It's a day called
Tantra of the Heart.